https://codepen.io/andrewskr90/pen/MWprMVL

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    HTML language that is self describing 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Building the structure of a webpage
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes are tag modifiers which give us more info on the tag, placed inside the opening tag 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    It's used for the header or main title of the page, only used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Anchor tags and image tags require attributes
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Machine readable data, like style sheets or title of page. Not readable by webpage viewer.
    7. What is an id? 
    A selector attribute that can only be used for one element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any element can have an id added to it, it just has to be unique
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    It can only be used once
    10. What is a class? 
    Class is an attribute used to categorize elements. Allows elements to be stylized in CSS based on denoted classes.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    All elements can be given a class.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    There is no limit.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    In the anchor tag, add the attribute target=_blank after the href attribute.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Used to include a description of the image for web users who are reading script only or if the image can't be displayed for any other reason.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    By using the # symbol followed directly by the id name.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Div is used only for adding style to the elements it is parenting, or attaching information to the elements like language or a title. Section adds structure, grouping the elements together on a page.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Adding style to the html portion of your page. Color, font color/size, margins, ect.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    Simply type h2 
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Class is used to group multiple elements together, while id is used for one unique element. All of the images on a page could be grouped by one class, whereas the only black and white image could be given a specific id.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    with a . followed d
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    parent child selectors select a certain element/class located within another specific element/class. Denoted by x > y { } with the parent on the left.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div .sidebar a { }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    class selectors with a colon afterward. It allows you to select an element after a user has interacted with it, such as clicking or hovering over links.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {boarder-style: dotted;border-width:1px; border-color: black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    body { }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* place comment here */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls 
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    make sure the file is inside the contents of the folder you're currently in. execute the command rm -r filename. You need to be careful because there is no warning, asking if you're sure.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    That way we can track the changes that are made to a code project, even amongst many collaborators.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Fairly often, it's good to keep track of your progress and leave more options if you need to backtrack.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push u- origin branch-name 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    -Find the initial repo and create a fork in order to create your own version of the project.
    -Make sure your name is tied to the repo
    -clone your repo by copying the url, then in your CLI locate the directory you want to clone to, then execute git clone "repo-link"
    -change directory into the cloned repo directory
    -create a branch by executing git checkout -b 'Kyle-Andrews'
    -Open repo with code .      save whenever changes are made
    -execute git add . to add any saved changes
    -git commit -m "include helpful message" will commit changes
    -git push -u origin branch-name pushes commits up to github
    -to submit pull request, find your forked copy of the repo, select your name-branch in the drop down menu, and select new pull request
    -change base repository to your forked repo
    -Finally, click create pull request



Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 